README.md, before:

# AuraSpend - Smart Budgeting Companion

**HKU COMP3330 (25-26 Sem 1) - Group 20**

AuraSpend is a gamified, AI-powered expense tracking application built with React Native (Expo) and Supabase. It combines financial management with a digital pet companion to encourage healthy spending habits.

## 👥 Group Members

- **Xie Yee Lam**
- **Chen Yifan**
- **Zeng Ruo Xi**

---

## ✨ Key Features

### 💰 Smart Finance Management
- **Multi-Currency Support**: Real-time currency conversion powered by Frankfurter API (Supports HKD, USD, CNY, JPY, etc.).
- **AI Receipt Scanning**: Upload or take photos of receipts. The app uses multimodal LLMs (OpenAI/Gemini) to automatically extract merchant, items, amount, and categories.
- **Budget Tracking**: Set monthly or yearly budgets with visual progress bars and alerts.
- **Detailed Reports**: Interactive charts showing spending trends, category breakdowns, and merchant summaries.

### 🐾 Gamification (Pet System)
- **Digital Companion**: Your financial habits affect your pet's mood and hunger.
- **Level Up**: Gain XP by logging transactions and staying within budget.
- **Rewards**: Unlock outfits and new pets as you progress.

### 🤖 AI Agent (Aura Assistant)
- **Floating Chat**: An integrated AI assistant that can answer questions about your spending, summarize data, and perform actions via natural language (e.g., "How much did I spend on food last week?").

### 🛠 Technical Highlights
- **Real-time Sync**: Data synchronizes instantly across devices using Supabase Realtime.
- **Offline Support**: Built-in caching for currencies and essential data.
- **Customizable**: Support for dark mode, custom categories, and multiple languages (English/Chinese).

---

## 🏗 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React Native, Expo, Expo Router, Reanimated
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth, Realtime, Storage)
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI-compatible APIs
- **Language**: TypeScript

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS version recommended, e.g., >= 20)
- npm or yarn
- Expo Go app on your mobile device or an Android/iOS Simulator
- Android users: you can also download the latest APK directly from the Releases page: [https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend/releases/latest](https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend/releases/latest)

### 1. Clone and Install

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend.git

# Navigate to project folder
cd COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend

cp .env.example .env

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start Project
npm run start

Commit message:

Add Supabase setup guide and update docs
Added supabase/README.md with instructions and example SQL for setting up a Supabase backend. Updated main README.md to reference receipt extraction model testing and Supabase setup. Bumped app version to 0.0.11 in app.config.js.

README.md, after:

# AuraSpend - Smart Budgeting Companion

**HKU COMP3330 (25-26 Sem 1) - Group 20**

AuraSpend is a gamified, AI-powered expense tracking application built with React Native (Expo) and Supabase. It combines financial management with a digital pet companion to encourage healthy spending habits.

## 👥 Group Members

- **Xie Yee Lam**
- **Chen Yifan**
- **Zeng Ruo Xi**

---

## ✨ Key Features

### 💰 Smart Finance Management
- **Multi-Currency Support**: Real-time currency conversion powered by Frankfurter API (Supports HKD, USD, CNY, JPY, etc.).
- **AI Receipt Scanning**: Upload or take photos of receipts. The app uses multimodal LLMs (OpenAI/Gemini) to automatically extract merchant, items, amount, and categories.
- **Budget Tracking**: Set monthly or yearly budgets with visual progress bars and alerts.
- **Detailed Reports**: Interactive charts showing spending trends, category breakdowns, and merchant summaries.

### 🐾 Gamification (Pet System)
- **Digital Companion**: Your financial habits affect your pet's mood and hunger.
- **Level Up**: Gain XP by logging transactions and staying within budget.
- **Rewards**: Unlock outfits and new pets as you progress.

### 🤖 AI Agent (Aura Assistant)
- **Floating Chat**: An integrated AI assistant that can answer questions about your spending, summarize data, and perform actions via natural language (e.g., "How much did I spend on food last week?").

### 🛠 Technical Highlights
- **Real-time Sync**: Data synchronizes instantly across devices using Supabase Realtime.
- **Offline Support**: Built-in caching for currencies and essential data.
- **Customizable**: Support for dark mode, custom categories, and multiple languages (English/Chinese).

---

## 🏗 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React Native, Expo, Expo Router, Reanimated
- **Backend**: Supabase (PostgreSQL, Auth, Realtime, Storage)
- **AI Integration**: OpenAI-compatible APIs
- **Language**: TypeScript

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Receipt Extraction Model Testing (Optional)
You can use the Python tool in [`TestTools/ReceiptSmartAnalyzer`](TestTools/ReceiptSmartAnalyzer) to test and evaluate receipt information extraction capabilities. See its README for usage instructions.

### Supabase Setup (Optional)
If you want to set up your own Supabase backend, see [`supabase/README.md`](supabase/README.md) for step-by-step instructions and example SQL to initialize your database.

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS version recommended, e.g., >= 20)
- npm or yarn
- Expo Go app on your mobile device or an Android/iOS Simulator
- Android users: you can also download the latest APK directly from the Releases page: [https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend/releases/latest](https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend/releases/latest)

### 1. Clone and Install

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/BYLinMou/COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend.git

# Navigate to project folder
cd COMP3330-Gp20-AuraSpend

cp .env.example .env

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start Project
npm run start
